# 3.New ROS package with created ROS message

Consider building a new ROS package with a non-official created ROS message. This non-official type of ROS message is created in one of your previous ROS packages. The new type of ROS message can be used in a new ROS package in your project. There are two ways to add it to your new codes. 

## 1.1 Add the ROS package that built the required ROS message in your new ROS project
First, you need to include that ROS package in `CMakeLists.txt`:
```
find_package(catkin REQUIRED COMPONENTS
  roscpp
  rospy
  std_msgs
  <ROS_message_package_name> # Should already built as a ROS package in the ROS PATH(before); to include UWB msg
)
```
And then, don't forget to include the dependencies to your <NEW_PROJECT_node>:
```
add_dependencies(NEW_PROJECT_node ${catkin_EXPORTED_TARGETS})
```

## 1.2 Directly add the required ROS message in your new ROS project by adding the header file generated by ROS for that required ROS message.
You can find a header file named 'New_massege.h', if you create this new message in your previous project using 'New_massege.msg'. You can include this header file in your new project, then, of course, you can use this non-official required message. Just include that ROS package in `CMakeLists.txt`:
```
include_directories(
  "<PATH_TO_catkin_ws>/devel/include" # In the ROS workspace named catkin_ws (workspace that includes your new message ROS package) you can find a 'New_massege.h'
)
```

## 2 Now you can use the required message in your new projects.
In both ways above, you can include the required message by referencing it in your source code. For C++ users, you can use:
```
#include "<ROS_message_package_name>/New_massege.h" // Include the header file in your source code.
```
### For Python users you can similarly add this new message, like
```
from <ROS_message_package_name.msg> import New_massege
# Or
from <ROS_message_package_name> import New_massege
```
The main idea is to let your new ROS project know where is your required 'New_massege.h' that includes the message.
